Improve HPy documentation (#396)
hpyproject/hpy: docs/porting-guide.rst

> Porting Guide

Reviewer: If you want to change this, you should change it everywhere in the documentation. The other sections do not capitalize after the first one. This document is very long. Maybe a subsequent PR could split it.

Author: Since you corrected section header `Reference Counting` to `Reference counting`, I suggest to do [Chicago Manual of Style](https://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/book/ed17/frontmatter/toc.html) ([here](https://capitalizemytitle.com/style/Chicago/#capitalizationrules) is a quick summary of it) for page captions.

Reviewer: Whatever we do we should be consistent. It doesn't really matter which style we use.

in HPy there are several types of handles that should be used depending on the
life-time of the handle: ``HPy``, ``HPyField``, and ``HPyGlobal``.

- ``HPy`` represents short lived handles that live no longer than the duration of
  one call from Python to HPy extension function. Rule of thumb: use for local
  variables, arguments, and return values.

- ``HPyField`` represents handles that are Python object struct fields, i.e.,
  live in native memory attached to some Python object.

- ``HPyGlobal`` represents handles stored in C global variables. ``HPyGlobal``
  can provide isolation between subinterpreters.

.. warning:: Never use a local variable of type ``HPyField``, for any reason! If
    the GC kicks in, it might become invalid and become a dangling pointer.

.. warning:: Never store `HPy` handles to a long-lived memory, for example: C

>     global variables or Python object structs.

Reviewer: Should this be qualified with use of `HPy_Dup`?

Author: No, I don't think this is related to `HPy_Dup`. `HPy_Dup` is basically *take ownership* but wouldn't qualify the handle for use in long-lived memory. We can refer to `HPyField_Store` and `HPyGlobal_Store`.

Reviewer: ok

    subinterpreter support will not require rebuilding of the extension (in HPy
    universal mode), nor rebuilding of CPython.

.. note:: If you write a custom type having ``HPyField`` s, you **MUST** also
    write a ``tp_traverse`` slot. Note that this is different than the old
    ``Python.h`` API, where you need ``tp_traverse`` only under certain
    conditions. See the next section for more details.

.. note:: The contract of ``tp_traverse`` is that it must visit all the

>     ``HPyFields`` contained within given struct, or more precisely *owned* by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``HPyField`` s contained within given struct, or more precisely *owned* by
```

a ``tp_dealloc`` which decrefs all the fields listed by ``tp_traverse``.

> Direct C API to HPy Mappings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct C API to HPy mappings
```

----------------------------

In many cases, migrating to HPy is as easy as just replacing a certain C API
function by the appropriate HPy API function. The table :ref:`table-mapping` a

> mapping between C API and HPy API functions. You can just apply this mapping
> without being cautious because this is a generated mapping which HPy also uses
> internally in the :term:`CPython ABI` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mapping between C API and HPy API functions. This mapping is generated together with the code for the :term:`CPython ABI` mode, so it is correct.
```

..  _table-mapping:

.. table:: Safe API function mapping
    :widths: auto

    ================================================ ================================================
    C API function                                   HPy API function
    ================================================ ================================================

>     ``PyLong_FromLong``                              :c:func:`HPyLong_FromLong`

Reviewer: This is great!

Maybe consider linking the CPython C API function to its documentation like
``` 
:py:func:`PyLong_FromLong`

Author: Done. I modified the autogen class such that it generates links to `https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/<PAGE>.html#c.<FUNCTION>` since `:py:func:...` would refer to Python functions that have been seen by some autodoc extension.

    ``PyUnicode_DecodeLatin1``                       :c:func:`HPyUnicode_DecodeLatin1`
    ``PyList_Check``                                 :c:func:`HPyList_Check`
    ``PyList_New``                                   :c:func:`HPyList_New`
    ``PyList_Append``                                :c:func:`HPyList_Append`
    ``PyDict_Check``                                 :c:func:`HPyDict_Check`
    ``PyDict_New``                                   :c:func:`HPyDict_New`
    ``PyTuple_Check``                                :c:func:`HPyTuple_Check`
    ``PyImport_ImportModule``                        :c:func:`HPyImport_ImportModule`
    ``PyCapsule_IsValid``                            :c:func:`HPyCapsule_IsValid`
    ``PyEval_RestoreThread``                         :c:func:`HPy_ReenterPythonExecution`
    ``PyEval_SaveThread``                            :c:func:`HPy_LeavePythonExecution`
    ================================================ ================================================

.. note: There are, of course, also cases where it is not possible to map directly and safely from a C API function (or concept) to an HPy API function (or concept).

> Reference Counting ``Py_INCREF`` and ``Py_DECREF``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference counting ``Py_INCREF`` and ``Py_DECREF``
```

--------------------------------------------------

The equivalents of ``Py_INCREF`` and ``Py_DECREF`` are essentially
:c:func:`HPy_Dup` and :c:func:`HPy_Close`, respectively. The main difference is
that :c:func:`HPy_Dup` gives you a *new handle* to the same object which means
that the two handles may be different if comparing them with ``memcmp`` but
still reference the same object. As a consequence, you may close a handle only
once, i.e., you cannot call :c:func:`HPy_Close` twice on the same ``HPy``

> handle. For examples, see also sections :ref:`api:handles` and :ref:`api:handles

Reviewer: In general, terms should only be converted to links on first use. Subsequent use should get regular formatting above.

Maybe this would help make the point about closing handles more clearly?
```suggestion
handle, even if returned from ``HPy_Dup``. For examples, see also sections :ref:`api:handles` and :ref:`api:handles
```

vs ``pyobject *```

> Call Functions ``PyObject_Call`` and ``PyObject_CallObject``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling functions with ``PyObject_Call`` and ``PyObject_CallObject``
```

------------------------------------------------------------

Both ``PyObject_Call`` and ``PyObject_CallObject`` are replaced by
``HPy_CallTupleDict(callable, args, kwargs)`` in which either or both of
``args`` and ``kwargs`` may be null handles.

``PyObject_Call(callable, args, kwargs)`` becomes::

    HPy result = HPy_CallTupleDict(ctx, callable, args, kwargs);

``PyObject_CallObject(callable, args)`` becomes::

    HPy result = HPy_CallTupleDict(ctx, callable, args, HPy_NULL);

If ``args`` is not a handle to a tuple or ``kwargs`` is not a handle to a
dictionary, ``HPy_CallTupleDict`` will return ``HPy_NULL`` and raise a
``TypeError``. This is different to ``PyObject_Call`` and
``PyObject_CallObject`` which may segfault instead.

PyModule_AddObject
------------------

``PyModule_AddObject`` is replaced with a regular :c:func:`HPy_SetAttr_s`. There
is no ``HPyModule_AddObject`` function because it has an unusual refcount
behavior (stealing a reference but only when it returns ``0``).

> Deallocator Slot ``Py_tp_dealloc``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deallocator slot ``Py_tp_dealloc``
```

----------------------------------

``Py_tp_dealloc`` essentially becomes ``HPy_tp_destroy``. The name intentionally
differs because there are major differences: while the slot function of
``Py_tp_dealloc`` receives the full object (which makes it possible to resurrect
it) and while there are no restrictions on what you may call in the C API
deallocator, you must not do that in HPy's deallocator.

The two major restrictions apply to the slot function of ``HPy_tp_destroy``:

1. The function must be **thread-safe**.
2. The function **must not** call into the interpreter.

The idea is, that ``HPy_tp_destroy`` just releases native resources (e.g. by

> using C lib's ``free`` function). Therefore, it does only receive a pointer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using C lib's ``free`` function). Therefore, it only receives a pointer to
```

the object's native data (and not a handle to the object) and it does not
receive an ``HPyContext`` pointer argument.

For the time being, HPy will support the ``HPy_tp_finalize`` slot where those
tight restrictions do not apply at the (significant) cost of performance.

Special Slots ``Py_tp_methods``, ``Py_tp_members``, and ``Py_tp_getset``
------------------------------------------------------------------------

> There is not direct replacement for C API slots ``Py_tp_methods``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no direct replacement for C API slots ``Py_tp_methods``,
```
